(lighthearted music)
(insects chirping)
- [Hachiko] Back then,
I made so many wishes
I couldn't count them all.
(upbeat Japanese music)
- July the 7th, it's cursed.
- Why is that?
- You notice how Nana stops
saying things like that lately.
Everything used to be
the Demon Lord's fault.
Demon Lord this, Demon Lord
that,
maybe she's starting to grow up
a little.
(Kyosuke laughs)
- Well, I sure hope so.
- Kyosuke, what do you want?
Sunny side up or scrambled?
- Sunny side, thanks.
It's a shame.
Nana doesn't come by to visit
us as much as she used to.
Now that I think about it,
it's been quite a while
since I've seen her.
How's she been doing?
- Oh, right, I forgot.
You didn't make it to
her roommate's concert.
You must have been working
late that night or something.
I think she's doing okay
but I've got a feeling
something's up with her.
- Oh, that's right, you
thought you could smell
a new guy in her life.
- Yeah, but she won't admit it.
- What about work?
Did she find a new job?
- Arg.
- Uh?
- I haven't heard anything about
that
so she probably hasn't found
anything yet.
She mentioned something
about wanting to work
in a hip clothing store.
- It must have been a month
since she lost her job at
the publishing company.
How is she getting by?
- Well, she's surviving.
She said she's been doing odd
jobs
here and there to make ends
meet.
- But there can't be
that many odd jobs out there.
- Yeah, I know.
But she also signed up
with this temp agency
that does street promotions.
- Street promotions,
what does that involve?
(lighthearted music)
- Hi, would you like to try
a sample of our new beer?
You're gonna love it.
Food and drink companies
use street promoters
to help the market new products.
For example, we might cook
sausages
or cut up fruit in supermarkets
and give out samples.
Customers try the samples then
hopefully buy the product.
Each campaign only lasts two or
three days
but I get paid over
10,000 Yen a day.
The only reason I started doing
it was because I was broke
but it's turning out to be
way more fun than I expected.
- [Nana] You only like it
'cause you get free food, Hachi.
- No, it's not that,
there's way more to it.
It's because I have a
talent for customer service.
Hey, is anybody listening?
- Nobuo, can you take
a look at this?
- Okay, sure.
- I'm 100% positive that a
career in sales
is just the right thing for me.
I'm great at the whole
smile's a free thing.
- You should work at
a fast food joint.
They'd love you there.
- I totally do it if they had
a really cute uniform to wear.
Like for the beer promotion we
just did,
I got to wear this adorable
mini skirt and I looked great.
- Hmm, I would've liked
to have seen that.
- Did the old per in the
corner say something?
(Shin laughs)
(footsteps approaching)
- Oh, I can't see the Milky Way.
(crickets chirping)
I was looking forward to
seeing the stars tonight.
- Hmm.
- Hey Nobuo, where do
you wanna meet tomorrow?
Yasu is suggesting that we
just meet up at the concert.
- [Nobuo] Okay, I'm
coming straight from work.
So I won't be there till the
last minute
- Tomorrow?
Tomorrow's July the 8th.
- He says that's fine.
- Oh, yeah, tomorrow's
the last concert
of the Trap Nest Tour.
You three guys are on
the guest list, right?
- Uh-uh.
- [Hachiko] So where are you
sitting?
I bet you've got amazing seats.
- Not really.
They're up in the balcony.
We're supposed to get a
great view from up there
but we're surrounded by all
the press and the staff.
So it's gonna be dead.
- What the hell?
That's not cool
(Nobuo laugh)
- But it's not as if we're
like their are other fans.
It's probably better up there
than being swamped by a
ton of screaming girls.
You should have asked
Ren, he could have put you
on the guest list too.
You know, it's
still not too late.
You want me to ask him for you?
- That's okay.
I saw them in concert
back home anyway.
Besides I've got a lot
of things to do tomorrow.
- That's totally wrong.
You write your wish on it
then you have to hang it
on a bamboo leaf.
- What kind of wish?
- You really don't know?
- What's going on?
- What's the matter?
Shin says he is never seen
Tanabata decorations before,
can you believe it?
He just asked me what
a Tanzaku was.
- Seriously, dude.
What kind of life have you been
living?
- You never made Tanzaku in
grade school?
- I wanna write a
wish on a Tanzaku.
- Then come to our place and
write one.
I'm sure we've got a few extras.
- Yay.
(lighthearted music)
(footsteps fading)
You have Tanabata
decorations at home?
- Not me, her.
I couldn't give a damn.
(crickets chirping)
- Yes.
- Defeat trap nest?
Nobuo, that isn't something you
wish for,
that's something you do.
- Oh, really?
(Nana laughs)
- [Shini] Here, let me
write one for you, Nobuo.
I want to be taller, Nobuo.
- Write your own damn wishes.
Anyway, you're shorter than me.
- Yeah, but I'm still growing.
I'm gonna be way taller than you
someday.
- Arg.
- Oh, I know, I've got a good
one.
I wish for a brand new
air conditioner.
- I wish I could get back
that nice car I sold.
- [Hachiko] I want a
balcony to put plants on.
- I wish for lots of money.
- Oh, come on, don't you
guys have any big dreams
you can wish for?
- But it gets so damn hot
in here I can't stand it.
- That's for sure.
- I can't take the heat anymore.
- Wait Nana, the wishes
are gonna blow away.
Aw.
(lighthearted music)
The Tokyo sky had been clear
that day,
but by the time night rolled
around, it had clouded over.
Even though we didn't
get to see the Milky Way,
we were having the time
of our lives.
(lighthearted music)
I already knew that wishing on
its own
doesn't make dreams come true.
But I felt that even if
just one of our dreams
came true, then that would
be enough to make me happy.
- Good morning.
It's Sunday, July the 8th
and it's time for Music Jay,
bringing you a funky
mix of the latest hits
and your favorite classics.
We'll begin with the video from
a new band
who are wrapping up their
first ever nationwide tour
tonight here in Tokyo, Trap
Nest.
- [Takumi] Hey, you know
when the tour's over,
first thing I'll do is come and
see you.
Maybe you can cook
me up something good.
- He'll come, we won't come.
He'll come, he won't come.
Hold on, no one uses flowers
to predict the future anymore.
What is wrong with me?
I don't have to use a stupid
flower.
I know he won't come.
He didn't even answer my text
message.
He's forgotten all about me.
But just in case, even
if Takumi doesn't show,
I know Ren will be there.
There's not much difference
between cooking for three or
four.
(indistinct chatter)
I'll have to make stuff that
tastes good even if it's cold
'cause who knows when they'll be
arriving.
- [Takumi] These tomatoes are
delicious.
Where'd you get them from?
- Are you sure, I can have all
these?
Jun totally rock.
- Me and Kyosuke can't
possibly eat them all
and we only just got them.
They're freshly picked.
- Lucky me.
Thanks so much for everything,
Jun.
See you later.
- Don't be a stranger.
Kyosuke was telling me he
hasn't seen you in a while.
- I know.
- So why are you buying
all these groceries?
I thought you were broke.
Are you having someone over?
- Oh, no, just stocking up.
(Nana laughs)
- Oh.
- It's probably better
if he doesn't show up.
That way I could just forget
about him.
Besides, if Takumi does come
over,
I'm gonna have some
explaining to do to Nana.
I wouldn't be able to
hide it from her anymore.
Then again, maybe there's
nothing to hide.
If Takumi's the sort of
guy who keeps his word
and he comes over like he
promised,
what's there to feel guilty
about.
(door bell rings)
(door opens)
- Huh?
(lighthearted music)
- What are you doing, Hachiko?
Who's going to eat all this?
You got a major banquette laid
out here.
- Yeah, I guess I kind of got
carried away with the food.
I just figured they might
be hungry after the concert.
Did Ren say what time he'd be
coming over?
- Uh, Ren's coming over?
When did he tell you that?
- Well, actually he didn't
but I just assumed he was gonna
be here.
He is, isn't he?
- No, I don't think so.
We didn't make any plans anyway.
(dramatic music)
- Why not?
- What do you mean?
- It's the last night of the
tour?
Why wouldn't he come over
to see you afterwards?
It's been a whole month
since he saw you last.
He's got to come.
- But they're gonna be partying
all night
to celebrate the end of the
tour.
I doubt they're gonna wanna come
over here
and hang out with us
- Partying all night.
No, maybe he'll come over after
the party.
- No, I don't want you making a
big fuss
whenever he comes over.
Besides, having him around
may cramp your style.
So from now on, we decided
that when we get together,
we're just gonna go to his
place.
That way he won't come
busting in here at all hours.
Huh?
- No, I was sure Ren would come
to visit Nana after the show
and then Takumi would come with
him like,
"Well, if you are going, I
might as well tag along."
- Hey, are you okay?
- I thought he'd jump at the
chance.
Whatever the reason, I
just wanted him to come.
- Don't let it get you down.
If you wanna see Ren,
I'll ask him over again.
He'll have some more time on his
hands
now that the tour's finished.
And if you want, I can ask
him to bring Takumi too.
- No, don't worry about it.
That's all right.
- But,
well, anyway I don't
think he's gonna be coming
over tonight.
Sorry, Hachi, you went
to all this trouble.
- It's cool, don't worry about
it.
I can put all this in the
fridge.
We'll be set for days.
What am I doing?
I feel like such a fool letting
myself get carried away.
- Hey, not so fast.
Seeing all this food's
making me totally hungry.
Is it okay if we eat some of it
now?
- Sure, of course we can.
I'll get us some plates.
- This looks so delicious.
Forget those guys.
They've got no idea what
they're missing out on.
This is a feast.
Mm, yum.
(Hachi laughs)
You know about the
concert tonight,
you really did wanna go with
everyone else, didn't you?
It would've been easy
enough to ask Ren
to put you down on
the guest list.
I didn't even think about it.
I can be so dense sometimes.
I'm sorry.
- You don't need to be sorry.
I think you wanted to
go more than I did
but you didn't want to ask.
Sometimes you can be so
stubborn.
- I don't know about
being stubborn.
I'd get too depressed
comparing myself to her.
I know that sounds lame, but,
mm, this one's good too.
You really went all out,
didn't you?
Mm.
- I'm the one who's been dense.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for bringing you down.
(crowd cheers)
- Thank you everyone, goodnight.
- [Announcer] Ladies and
gentlemen,
that concludes tonight's
performance.
Thank you for coming.
We ask that you please
exit by the back doors.
- Okay, I'm out of here.
- What, you mean, you're not
gonna wait with us, Yasu?
But we've got backstage passes.
I've got a lot of work to do.
- Ah, come on, man.
Hang out with us just for a
while.
- Sorry guys, say hi
to Ren for me.
- What about Reira?
- Tell her congratulations.
- Is that all?
(Shin laughs)
- Hey, where's Yasu?
Why isn't he with you?
- He said had some work to do
but he told us to say hi to Ren.
- What, no hi for me?
- That sucks, I was really
looking forward
to hanging out with him again.
He's such a cool guy.
- Unrequited love now, Naoki?
- I wanted to see him too.
It's been so long since
we've seen each other.
Unrequited love, the story
of my life.
- Reira, do you even
understand what you're saying?
Tell me you're not serious.
- Unrequited love, what a story?
- There's a reporter in here
and she's writing everything
down.
(Take laughs)
Take, it's not funny.
- Huh?
- Yasu told us to say that
you did a good job tonight.
- Oh, my God.
You're the cutest
thing I've ever seen.
You wanna come play with me?
(all laugh)
- Sure, but I don't come cheap.
100,000 yen per night
and you get the worst.
- Shin, no.
- You're pretty cute too.
How much?
- Ren, what's her deal?
Help me.
(Ren laughs)
Maybe it's better if
I just went home.
- Oh, come on,
you should join us.
There's a few parties to go to
so we're gonna be out all night.
- [Girl] Yay, count me in.
You're coming with us?
- [Boy] I'm coming, I'm coming.
(lighthearted music)
- [Nobuo] Gin and tonic, please.
- Nobuo, you all right?
You're already pretty drunk.
Maybe you should slow down.
- Nah, I can't take
this crazy scene sober.
- A fresh young face
and so cute.
(lighthearted music)
- Why did Yasu go out with that
woman?
She's so weird.
- I don't think she's weird.
- Yasu's becoming a man of
mystery.
- I don't want to hear
you talk like that Reira.
- Nobuo, calling our
princess a weirdo.
- Takumi, sorry to interrupt,
but I need you to sign some
autographs.
- Autographs, what the hell?
This is a freaking party.
I'm off the clock.
- Sorry, I got the others
to sign after sound check
but you seemed so busy and I
didn't want to interrupt you.
And then I was gonna ask you
later
but I got tied up with
things and I forgot.
Please, it's for an important
sponsor.
- Fine, hand them over.
If it was so important, why'd
you forget?
- [Takeya] I'm sorry.
- Just do your job, manager.
- You're actually
signing them now.
- I'm no slacker.
- I've been wondering,
you're the one who does
the arrangements for the
Trap Nest songs, right?
- Uh uh.
- [Shini] And then for the new
album that was just released,
you were the producer too.
- Yeah, I was.
- I guess that explains
why it was so much better
than the first one.
- Oh, you really are a cute one.
How much do I owe you?
(Shin laughs)
- Yeah, but seriously, you're
really good.
- How the hell did you manage
to make such catchy music
out of Ren's dark twisted songs?
- Excuse me for writing
dark twisted songs.
Shochu.
- Yeah, but without Ren's songs,
there wouldn't even be a band.
- It's a big schmoozer, stop
sucking up.
- Oh, Takumi, while you're
signing,
I need you to do one for me.
- Sure, you get something
for me to sign on.
- Of course not, we're at a
party.
Just use one of these.
- I don't know, they're for
one of our big sponsors.
- [Ren] Like I care.
- He's just like Nana.
- What's the person's name?
- Hachiko.
- Uh?
- [Nobuo] Ren, if
it's for Hachi,
he should write her real name.
- [Ren] What is her real name?
- Hachi, I've heard
that name before.
- Yeah, you met her
the other day
when you came over to
play Mahjong with us.
- Nana Kamatsu.
- Oh, yeah, I remember.
Hmm, she doesn't really
want an autograph, does she?
- Sure she does.
She specifically asked for it.
- When?
- The same night we
were playing Mahjong.
I doubt she wants one now,
I slept with her the next day.
Where's Takeya, I got
to give him these.
- Wait a minute, Takumi, what
did you just say you did?
- Oh, come on.
You want all the details?
- She's my girlfriend's
best friend.
It's one thing to fool around
but this time you
crossed a line.
You should have known.
- Geez man, relax.
I didn't make her do anything.
She was up for it.
She was wagging her tail
like a little puppy.
(glasses shatter)
(dramatic music)
- Hey, you what's going on?
- It's okay Take, don't worry.
They're just screwing around.
- You wanna fight me,
let's take it outside.
This party's for the staff to
celebrate the end of the tour.
Don't ruin it.
(dramatic music)
- Nobuo.
- Screw this.
- Smart choice.
(dramatic music)
- Hey, Takumi.
Congratulations.
(dramatic music)
- The sponsors autograph's ruin.
- Oh, are you okay, Takumi.
(Reira laughs)
- Right on chin, way to go.
- It's not funny Reira.
- Calm down, Takumi,
you asked for it.
- I was just being
honest telling the truth.
So what's the problem?
- Come on, you really think
you didn't do anything wrong.
- I'm leaving too.
- What?
You can't, we've still got
another party to go to.
- Well, then go without me.
- But Takumi, the autographs-
- I'll sign some more
for you tomorrow, okay?
I just remembered there's
something I need to do.
- Like what?
Another woman.
- When you see Nobuo,
tell him this,
he couldn't compete
against me in 100 years.
He doesn't even have the guts
to ask her out on a date.
- Well, I agree with the
second part of what you said.
I'll be sure to tell him
(dramatic music)
(door bell ring)
(door bangs)
(phone dials)
- What, it's the middle of the
night.
Hey, Hachiko, uh.
(slow music)
- [Hachiko] Hey Nana, why
is it that making our dreams
come true and being truly
happier
are often two separate things?
(lighthearted music)
I still haven't figured
that one out.